[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
GET THE POEM BOOK BACK!
-[crickets chirping]
-My heart is like a fresh croquette.
I want you to eat my croquette.
Toshio...
[indistinct chatter]
-[Naoko] Good morning.
-Morning, Naoko.
Hey, did you do the homework?
-Yeah.
-Can you let me see it just a little bit?
Okay, I guess.
[gasps, gulps]
What's wrong?
There's no point in homework
if you don't do it yourself.
You can do it!
What? Fine...
[Naoko] I accidentally brought
my poem notebook.
The poem I wrote late last night
thinking about Toshio is awful.
I compared myself to a croquette.
If anyone sees this,
I'm going to die... [groans]
Naoko?
Uh, what?
Ms. Yulia, the school counselor,
wants to see you.
What? Did I do something...?
[grunts]
Everyone, hand in your homework.
Anyone who copy-pasted off the internet
will be punished with laser beams.
[kids squeal]
Huh?
Oh! This is Naoko's.
[bell chiming a melody]
Ms. Yulia worries too much.
What was it?
You know how we're going
to the dinosaur museum on a school trip?
She wants to assure me it's not
any kind of dinosaur harassment
against me.
She kept going on and on
with explanations I didn't understand...
Huh?
Huh? Wha--?
My poem notebook is gone!
What's wrong?
Um, well, I can't find
the notebook I put in here.
-Oh that. I handed it in for you.
-Huh?
Your homework, right?
I submitted it to Mr. R3.
[gasps]
[shouting] Mr. R3!
[panting] Uh, you have
the wrong homework from me...
Mr. R3, here's my homework!
What? The deadline was this morning.
Well, on my way to school, I came upon
a horse in labor and had to stay.
It was a really difficult delivery.
That's why I'm here so late.
[hesitant chuckles]
Ms. Watanabe, are you handing in
your homework, too?
Um, I already submitted mine,
but I handed in the wrong notebook.
You two need to come up with better lies.
What? It's not a lie!
Deadlines must be kept no matter what!
I am very strict on punctuality.
Ah, I'm going to be late
for the staff meeting!
[whooshing]
I guess it was no use.
[yelps]
[Naoko] What am I going to do?
This is bad!
If anyone sees that poem, it'll be bad.
I'll die of embarrassment. [cries]
-[Ninja-kun] Ouch!
-[gasps] The tree spoke!
-[sighs]
-Huh?
Please stop hitting me.
Ninja-Kun, what are you doing here?
I was practicing
the ninja art of camouflage!
Why?
My dream is to one day become a ninja
who appears in TV shows!
I see. Good luck with that.
Uh! Ninja-Kun, can I ask you for a favor?
I see. You want me to get back
the poem notebook you submitted by mistake
and replace it with the real notebook.
Yes, please!
That's not a problem!
Sneak, sneak.
-[Naoko] There it is. That one.
-[Ninja-kan] I'm on it!
[robotic voice] Intruder detected.
Security system activated.
The enemy is quite formidable.
A battle between technology
and the ninja, eh?
Ms. Watanabe, watch as this ninja
defeats technology!
[grunts]
Wow!
I will not be stopped!
[grunts]
[groans]
Sneak, sneak.
-[laser crackles]
-[yelps]
[grunting]
I can't keep watching this.
[moaning]
Sorry I couldn't help you.
No, I'm sorry that I asked you
to do a really hard thing.
If for any reason
your poem gets out into the world,
we can tell everyone I wrote it!
Ninja-Kun!
It's the ninja art of poet replacement!
[laughs] Thank you.
But when I think about it,
that notebook doesn't have my name on it
and only Mr. R3 will see it.
Everything will be fine.
There was a notebook without a name on it.
Anyone knows whose it is?
-[Babu Lisa] Babu?
-[Kana] Huh?
"My heart is like a fresh fried croquette.
I want you to eat my croquette."
-Wow, seriously?
-[students exclaim]
[groaning]
I-- Is that yours?
Never! I would never write
such a bad poem.
-This is going on my social media.
-[clicks]
[nervous laugh]
[panting]
[Gauko] Don't put everything up
on social media without permission!
And don't robots have any sensitivity?
[roars]
Tomorrow's weather will be cloudy
followed by despair.
But if you survive that, there may be
a chance of clear sunny feelings later.
[Naoko] Well, at least no one found out
I wrote it.
Hi Naoko!
Oh, Toshio! Um, can I have one croquette?
Here you go. It's fresh.
[scoffs, inhales]
[Naoko] It's not like Toshio
will ever read that awful poem.
-By the way, Naoko, have you seen this?
-Huh?
-It's a poem trending on the Internet.
-Oh!
[groans] I'm doomed.
[Toshio] It was really great,
so I turned it into a song.
[gasps]
[Toshio] Will you listen to it?
♪ My heart is like ♪
♪ A fresh fried croquette ♪
♪ I want you to eat ♪
♪ My croquette ♪
What do you think?
I-- It's wonderful!
But I wonder who wrote it.
It's so nice that they think
of croquettes like this.
If a girl like this were around me,
I'd fall in love with her.
Toshio, actually... the truth is...
-I wrote that poem!
-[yelps]
-You did, Ninja-Kun?
-Yes!
N-- No, that's not...
Don't worry, remember it's the ninja art
of poet replacement!
Can I make it the theme song for the shop?
You'll be credited, Ninja-Kun.
Of course! I did write the poem.
N-- Ninja-Kun...
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪